Adding Armada Job Submission Code (#43)
G-Research/armada-jupyter: README.md

# Armada-Jupyter

> Armada Jupyter is a service for deploying JupyterLab K8s Pods onto Armada.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Armada Jupyter is a service for submitting JupyterLab Jobs onto Armada.
```

## Prerequisites

> Please make sure you have [Armada](https://github.com/G-Research/armada) installed and running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please make sure you have [Armada](https://github.com/G-Research/armada) running.
```

Ensure that the executor setting has been changed:

```yaml
kubernetes:
  podDefaults:
    ingress:
      hostnameSuffix: "domain.com"
```

Then make sure that `*.jupyter.domain.com` resolves to your k8s cluster.

## Cluster Preparation

Armada-Jupyter will need a cluster setup with ingress. If you are using kind, you will need to do this differently.

Please follow the [kind](./docs/kind.md) guide to setup your cluster.

## Installation

Please following the following guide:

> - [Quickstart](./docs/quickstart.md)

Reviewer: This isn't the guide that you follow?

Author: What do you mean?

Reviewer: You don't use helm charts to set up your dev environment?

Author: Oh - This links to the armada_jupyter quickstart. Not the armada quickstart?

Reviewer: haha. yea.

# Installing

```bash
# Using pyproject.toml
pip install .
```

# Running

Set the following environment variables:

```bash
ARMADA_SERVER=localhost
ARMADA_PORT=50051
DISABLE_SSL=true
```

```bash

> python3 -m armada_jupyter ./env/files/no-gpu.yml

Reviewer: This file doesn't exist.

Author: Good spot. I shall fix this :))
